---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: January 06, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes my policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use my services and informs you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

I use your personal data to provide and improve my services. By using my services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy is provided for informational purposes.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words with capitalized initials have meanings defined under the following conditions. These definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access my services.
- **I** (referred to as "me," "my," or "mine" in this Agreement) refers to Julio Torres, a private individual.
- **Cookies** are small files placed on your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing details of your browsing history on that website, among other uses.
- **Country** refers to the United States.
- **Device** means any device that can access my services, such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the website hosted at [https://juliotorres.digital](https://juliotorres.digital).
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes data on my behalf. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by me to facilitate my services, to provide services on my behalf, to perform services related to my services, or to assist me in analyzing how the services are used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of my services or from the service infrastructure itself (e.g., the duration of a page visit).
- **Website** refers to my personal website, accessible from [https://juliotorres.digital](https://juliotorres.digital).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using my services, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using my services, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using my services, I may ask you to provide me with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using my services.

Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of my services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

When you access my services by or through a mobile device, I may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

I may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit my services or when you access the services by or through a mobile device.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

I use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on my services and store certain information. The tracking technologies used include beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze my services. These technologies include:

- **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of my services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, my services may use cookies.
- **Web Beacons.** Certain sections of my services and my emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit me, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.

I use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- **Necessary / Essential Cookies**

  Type: Session Cookies

  Administered by: Me

  Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services you have requested cannot be provided, and I only use these Cookies to provide you with those services.

- **Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies**

  Type: Persistent Cookies

  Administered by: Me

  Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the website.

- **Functionality Cookies**

  Type: Persistent Cookies

  Administered by: Me

  Purpose: These Cookies allow me to remember choices you make when you use the website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you use the website.

For more information about the cookies I use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit my Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of my Privacy Policy.

## Use of Your Personal Data

I may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain my services,** including to monitor the usage of my services.
- **To manage your Account:** to manage your registration as a user of my services. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the services that are available to you as a registered user.
- **For the performance of a contract:** the development, compliance, and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items, or services you have purchased or of any other contract with me through the services.
- **To contact you:** To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- **To provide you** with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events which I offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about, unless you have opted not to receive such information.
- **To manage your requests:** To attend and manage your requests to me.
- **For business transfers:** I may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture,
